imagine a world where we show our
daughters how to love respect and
embrace their bodies throughout all
stages of life where we feel strong sexy
and sacred no matter what messages we
here where we come together to connect
with other women and celebrate the
stories that unite us the truth is it's
not only possible it's already happening
every day in bellyfit classes around the
world thousands of women are
experiencing the strength inner peace
joy and spiritual awakening that is
possible when we remove the negative
self-talk step into our sacred feminine
power and connect with other women who
are doing the same bellyfit instructors
are on the forefront of women's
empowerment through mindful inspiring
movement they're supporting women in
creating health happiness and
fulfillment in their lives
the demand for classes is growing and so
is our need for instructors with our
industry-leading instructor training
course available online you can bring me
and my team of expert trainers into your
home and learn everything you need to
know to teach outstanding bellyfit
classes learn about our company mission
and philosophy our signature teaching
formula and our unique seamless blend of
dance fitness and yoga inspired moves
get the inside scoop on our state of the
art instructor support system that will
give you exclusive access to hours of
fabulous fun choreography and our
world-class collection of electronic
dance mixes created just for bellyfit
instructors with years of experience in
the fitness business we'll share our
secrets on how to market your classes
and create a loyal following year after
year to ensure your success will pair
you with one of our expert master
trainer mentors who will support you
through the course from your first
shimmy to your first live class the
world is ready for a holistic fitness
experience designed just for women body
mind heart and soul and that experience
is here it's called bellyfit if you're
looking for a workout that is
intelligently designed and you want to
help women feel great in their bodies
and connect deeper to spirit then we
invite you to join our community and see
what's possible when you move women